3.16.0 (#2821)
doctrine-extensions/DoctrineExtensions: CHANGELOG.md

---

## [Unreleased]

## [3.16.0]
### Deprecated

> - Support for `doctrine/annotations` has been deprecated and will be removed in 4.0. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for defining mapping information from annotations has been deprecated and will be removed in 4.0, use PHP attributes mapping instead.
```

Reviewer: BTW, I think we should also update this statement:
https://github.com/doctrine-extensions/DoctrineExtensions/blob/ca713c5ddd26e0f7eb94b95fa1e863efcc1bbd7d/README.md?plain=1#L64

Author: sure, let me change it before releasing, anything else you think we should take a look at?

Reviewer: No @franmomu, that's all.

Thank you so much!
